Docs: Identify which Grafana editions are relevant to each Enterprise doc (#49207)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/vault.md

# Vault integration

> If you manage your secrets with [Hashicorp Vault](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault), you can use them for [Configuration]({{< relref "../administration/configuration.md" >}}) and [Provisioning]({{< relref "../administration/provisioning.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you manage your secrets with [Hashicorp Vault](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault), you can refer to those secrets for [Configuration]({{< relref "../administration/configuration.md" >}}) and [Provisioning]({{< relref "../administration/provisioning.md" >}}) instead of exposing the secrets in plain text.
```

Author: Is plain text the only alternative for these values? How are they exposed? Does this mean the default configuration methods are insecure/exposed?
